it's certainly not always true about people in the military but the work
I did the military was very transferable to the civilian sector even
though my ultimate specially was Hanoi dialect Vietnamese linguist
it wasn't crypto linguistics which means I probably could have gone
to an essay and got the job as a civilian anytime I wanted plus a
**** like clearances I'd picked up in the military very transferable
when it got me the number of jobs in fact got me two jobs at least
because I had those five global clearances already my basic skills
and team Morse code operator probably wouldn't have much transfer ability
but my general skills in electronic certainly would have been
sellable so I think my skills were very transferable plus the fact in
the marine corps fewer of them sixty machine gun or rifle and before
they let you out of the car they gave you about the three month period
where they would train you in the civilian school called project
transition yeah I made use of that probably shouldn't have but I
did anyway because it was fun by working in the base photo lab for several
months before I got discharged learning all about photography
so one way or the other you come out of the military with very transferable
skills